Modify rule S3358: LaYC for Nested ternaries (#2106)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S3358/description.adoc

> Nested ternaries are hard to read and the operator prevalence rules might not be obvious to maintainers.

Reviewer: I'm afraid "Operator prevalence rules" might be hard to understand. What about:
```suggestion
Nested ternaries are hard to read and can make the order of operations complex to understand.
```

Author: Way better, thanks!

include::{noncompliant}[]

> Instead, use another line to express the nested operation as a separate statement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead, use another line to express the nested operation in a separate statement.
```

Author: Changed
